Validation: Added Missing Descriptions (#247)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/v8-web-control/map-control-concepts/custom-overlays/simple-static-overlay.md

---
title: "Simple Static Overlay | Microsoft Docs"

> description: "Describes the simple static overlay, provides sample code for the overlay, and outlines how to navigate the overlay."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Describes the simple static overlay with an HTML example that creates a simple overlay consisting of 4 buttons that allow you to pan the map in different directions."
```
